improve readme of initialized project: (#98)
massalabs/massa-sc-toolkit: packages/sc-project-initializer/commands/init/README.md

> # My Massa Smart-Contract Project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# My Massa Smart-contract Project
```

npm run build
```

## Deploy a smart contract

Prerequisites :

- You must add a `.env` file at the root of the repository with the following keys set to valid values :
  - WALLET_PRIVATE_KEY="wallet_private_key"
  - JSON_RPC_URL_PUBLIC=<https://test.massa.net/api/v2:33035>

These keys will be the ones used by the deployer script to interact with the blockchain.

> The following command will build the contracts in `assembly/contracts` directory and execute the deployment script

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command will build contracts in `assembly/contracts` directory and execute the deployment script
```

These keys will be the ones used by the deployer script to interact with the blockchain.

> The following command will build your contract execute the deployment script `src/deploy.ts` on Massa's network

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following command will build the contracts in the in `assembly/contracts` directory and execute the deployment script `src/deploy.ts`. This script will deploy the contract `main.wasm` in the `build` directory on the node specified in the `.env` file.
```
Feel free to correct.

Author: ```suggestion
The following command will build the contracts in the in `assembly/contracts` directory and execute the deployment script `src/deploy.ts`. This script will deploy on the node specified in the `.env` file.
```

corresponding to the given node (according to the `.env` file).

```shell
npm run deploy
```

> You are pleased to update `src/deploy.ts` according to your needs:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can modify `src/deploy.ts` to change the smart contract being deployed, and to pass arguments to the constructor function:
```

- line 31: specify what contract you want to deploy
- line 33: create the `Args` object to pass to the constructor of the contract you want to deploy

When the deployment operation is executed on-chain, the `constructor` function of the smart contract being deployed will
be called with the arguments provided in the deployment script.

> The deployment script use [massa-sc-deployer library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@massalabs/massa-sc-deployer)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deployment script uses [massa-sc-deployer library](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@massalabs/massa-sc-deployer)
```
